She ... she were good at English so that she could go to London to study.-would love-wishes-wants-likes-wishes
She often goes ... a mosque to pray because her religion is Islam.-to-at-on-of-to
I wish I ... as tall as my brother.-were-am-was-have been-were
He ... play basketball when he was young.-doesn't use to-use to-used to-uses to-used to
Our Singaporean friends ... to visit our school last year.-comes-came-have come-come-came
Ha Noi is a ... city.-busy modernly-busy modern-modern busy-modern busily-busy modern
He said "hello" in a most ... way.-friendliness-friendly-friend-friends-friendly
Churches and pagodas are places of ...-play-worship-entertainment-amusement-worship
This painting ... by Jack.-draw-was drawn-drew-draws-was drawn
The trip was cancelled ... the rain.-because-although-because of-however-because of
Doctors and pharmacists have to assume ... for human life.-responsibility-achievement-optimism-aspect-responsibility                       
It was such a good book that I couldn’t put it ...-on-down-off-out-down
He did all the work ... his own.-on-by-for-with-by
The poor boy was late for class yesterday, ... was unusual for him.-that-when-which-what-which
Do you mind ... the shopping with me?-to do-do-doing-did-doing
Endangered species ... by the World Wildlife Fund.-are protected-would protect-be protected-will protect-are protected
They are not ... to take part in this program of the World Health Organization.-so old-old enough-enough old-as old-old enough
You are old enough to take ... for what you have done.-responsible-responsibility-responsibly-irresponsible-responsibility
John is ... only child in his family so his parents love him a lot.-a-an-the-no article-the
According to the boss, John is the most ... for the position of executive secretary.-supportive-caring-suitable-comfortable-suitable
Books in the home are a wonderful ... of knowledge and pleasure.-source-resource-list-sum-source
By the end of this week, I ... here for ten days.-stay-am staying-will stay-will have stayed-will have stayed
... we were lost, he offered to show us the way home.-Thought-Thinking-To think-Think-Thinking